In terms of socket,it's important of these three workflow.1. wait/going connection - connected2. write data to endpoint3. read data from endpointSurrounding those workflow, we able to build a fledged communicationwe should care about:1. encode/decode data which from application or transfer to application2. message queue - socket communicate operation is single thread but application is multi-thread, so its important to define aqueue to let socket deal with data step by step.3. streams - after these operation clicked(触发),we need a RX programming style(may be others) make logic lighter.4. manage all of sockets, contains close/search/send or write data with specify socket(s).exception deal1. where handle exception?2. how to custom exceptionConnectTimeoutExceptionTimeoutExceptionhttp://ifeve.com/buffers/ 关于ByteBuffer的入门介(仅供参考)mark()与reset()方法::通过调用Buffer.mark()方法，可以标记Buffer中的一个特定position。之后可以通过调用Buffer.reset()方法恢复到这个position。About protocol of data(Presentation layer) Questions:1.I'm thinking this situation if client send a string length is 1024byte, client encode it with two part of information: 1)length: Long, 2) data of Byte[1024](with String protocol, client must encode String with UTF-8, so server will know content straightly).The question is: network just send half of data how should server do?A: Wait another half. it should be let session know which order it should obey: 1. decode to type 2. continute decode last protocol.2.Should we consider data was deteriorate?A: look at Question 3, if it occurred, we will find it's meaningless data.It's useful at UDP protocol for transform information or video media.UPDATE it seems need more thing to do to verify: if server/client checked a bad protocol, it should tell remote resend data.(It seems we did a ACKat top of TCP/IP,does it needed?Yes, because TCP/IP can't check out those bad data.)3.about Security: make data believable and can't be steal and modify.A: not complete. I decide use strength Encryption Algorithm to make data believable. it only be crack when source code be leaked.So, it's important to make Algorithm source code security at client.If client or black hacker modify data, server will find it's a meaningless data when decode.Besides, if Algorithm be broken we can update a new Algorithm and some data maybe needn't Encryption such as void media.